Add documentation for using Piraeus behind a HTTP proxy (#609)
piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator: docs/how-to/http-proxy.md

> # How to run Piraeus when using a HTTP proxy (like Squid)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to Use Piraeus Datastore with a Cluster Behind HTTP Proxy
```

> When attempting to deploy Piraeus behind a HTTP proxy, the following configuration needs to be done.

Reviewer: Our guides usually start with a small introduction like:

> This guide shows you how to ... 
> 
> To complete this guide, you should be familiar with: ...

See https://github.com/piraeusdatastore/piraeus-operator/blob/v2/docs/how-to/talos.md for examples.

Author: Changed accordingly

```yaml
apiVersion: piraeus.io/v1
kind: LinstorSatelliteConfiguration
metadata:

>   name: custom-settings # Set a name of the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  name: http-proxy
```

Give this a name that describes what it actually does.

spec:
  podTemplate:
    spec:
      containers:
        - name: linstor-satellite
          env:
            - name: HTTP_PROXY
              value: http(s)://proxy-ip:port
            - name: HTTPS_PROXY
              value: http(s)://proxy-ip:port
            - name: NO_PROXY

>               value: localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.0/8,172.16.0.0/12 # Add internal IP ranges and domains here

Reviewer: Instead of having placeholders here, use concrete values and describe them in the paragraph before the code block. So something like:

> The following configuration configures an HTTP Proxy reachable at `https://proxy.example.com:8080`:
>
> ```yaml
> apiVersion: piraeus/v1
> ...
> ```

      initContainers:
        - name: drbd-module-loader
          env:
            - name: HTTP_PROXY
              value: http(s)://proxy-ip:port
            - name: HTTPS_PROXY
              value: http(s)://proxy-ip:port
            - name: NO_PROXY
              value: localhost,127.0.0.1,10.0.0.0/8,172.16.0.0/12 # Add internal IP ranges and domains here

> ```

Reviewer: Maybe add an explanation why each section is needed? I see the need for the `drbd-module-loader`, because that may call out to `spaas.drbd.io`, but why does the `linstor-satellite` need it?
